Add step to setting up environment (#31)
davidkpiano/xstate-python: README.md

2. Run `source .venv/bin/activate` to go into that virtual environment
3. Run `pip install -r requirements_dev.txt` to install all of the dependencies in `requirements.txt` (which includes `pytest`)

> 4. Run `npm i @scion-scxml/test-framework` to download scxml files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We can delete this

> 5. Make sure test files are present and up to date, run `git submodule init` (first time) and `git submodule update`
> 6. Run `pytest` to run the tests! 👩‍🔬

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure test files are present and up to date by running `git submodule init` (first time) and `git submodule update`
1. Run `pytest` to run the tests! 👩‍🔬
```
